\input texinfo.tex
@c %**start of header
@setfilename chezscheme-mode.info
@settitle Chez Scheme mode for @acronym{GNU} Emacs
@c %**end of header

@include version.texi
@include macros.texi

@c page
@c ------------------------------------------------------------
@c Values.
@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@set TITLE                      Chez Scheme mode for @acronym{GNU} Emacs

@c To be used as @value{PACKAGE} whenever we need to include the full
@c name of this package.
@set PACKAGE                    Chez Mode

@c To be used as @value{PACKAGE} whenever we need to include the
@c nickname of the project: the name that is used to compose the
@c distribution tarball or the web address.
@set PACKAGE_NICKNAME           chez-mode

@c To be used as @value{AUTHOR} whenever we need to include the list of
@c authors of this document.
@set AUTHOR                     Marco Maggi

@c To be used as @value{AUTHOR_EMAIL} whenever we need to include the
@c email of the *single* author of this document.
@set AUTHOR_EMAIL               @email{marco.maggi.ipsu@@poste.it}

@c To be used as @value{COPYRIGHT_YEARS} whenever we need to include the
@c list of copyright years.
@set COPYRIGHT_YEARS            2013-2015, 2017

@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@set GITHUB_URL                 @url{http://github.com/marcomaggi/chez-mode}
@set DOCUMENTATION_URL          @url{http://marcomaggi.github.io/docs/chez-mode.html}
@set CHEZ_HOMEPAGE_URL          @url{http://github.io/cisco/ChezScheme}

@c page
@c ------------------------------------------------------------
@c Copyright notice.
@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@copying
This document describes version @version{} of @value{PACKAGE}, a distribution of Emacs Lisp files
implementing an editing mode for Chez Scheme under @gnu{} Emacs.  Chez Scheme is an @rnrs{6}
compliant Scheme implementation in the form of a native compiler.

The package is distributed under the terms of the @gnu{} General Public License (@gpl{}), its
development takes place at:

@center @value{GITHUB_URL}

@noindent
Copyright @copyright{} @value{COPYRIGHT_YEARS} by @value{AUTHOR} @value{AUTHOR_EMAIL}

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the @gnu{}
Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or any later version published by the Free Software
Foundation; with Invariant Sections being ``@gnu{} Free Documentation License'' and ``@gnu{} General
Public License'', no Front--Cover Texts, and no Back--Cover Texts.  A copy of the license is
included in the section entitled ``@gnu{} Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@c page
@c ------------------------------------------------------------
@c Headers.
@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@titlepage
@title @value{TITLE}
@subtitle Revision @version{}
@author @value{AUTHOR} @value{AUTHOR_EMAIL}
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@ifinfo
@dircategory Development
@direntry
* chezscheme-mode: (chezscheme-mode).   @value{TITLE}.
@end direntry
@end ifinfo

@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@ignore
@syncodeindex tp cp
@syncodeindex vr cp
@syncodeindex fn cp
@end ignore

@c page
@ifnottex
@node Top
@top @value{TITLE}

@insertcopying

@menu
* overview::                    Overview of the package.

Appendices

* Package License::             GNU General Public License.
* Documentation License::       GNU Free Documentation License.
* references::                  Bibliography and references.

Indexes

* concept index::               An entry for each concept.
* function index::              An entry for each function.
* variable index::              An entry for each variable.
* type index::                  An entry for each type.
@end menu
@end ifnottex

@c page
@node overview
@chapter Overview of the package


Chez Scheme is an @rnrs{6} compliant Scheme language implementation in the form of a native
compiler.  @value{PACKAGE} is a distribution of Emacs Lisp files implementing an editing mode for
Chez Scheme under @gnu{} Emacs.

After installation of the package, it is possible to load the main module by adding the following to
the @file{.emacs} file:

@example
(autoload 'chezscheme-mode "chezscheme" "Editing mode for Chez Scheme." t)
@end example

@noindent
it is also possible to enable @func{chezscheme-mode} automatically when opening @rnrs{6} files with
the following:

@example
(add-to-list 'auto-mode-alist '("\\.chez\\'" . chezscheme-mode))
(add-to-list 'auto-mode-alist '("\\.sls\\'"  . chezscheme-mode))
(add-to-list 'auto-mode-alist '("\\.sps\\'"  . chezscheme-mode))
@end example

To enable automatic insertion of Chez Scheme source file templates we can do:

@example
(add-to-list 'auto-insert-alist
  '("\\.\\(sls\\|sps\\|chez\\)\\'" . chez-auto-insert-template))
@end example

@c page
@c ------------------------------------------------------------
@c Appendices.
@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@include gpl-3.0.texi
@include fdl-1.3.texi

@c page
@node references
@appendix Bibliography and references


The documentation of @value{PACKAGE} is available online:

@center @value{DOCUMENTATION_URL}

@noindent
development takes place at:

@center @value{GITHUB_URL}

@noindent
the home page of the Chez project is at:

@center @value{CHEZ_HOMEPAGE_URL}

@c page
@node concept index
@appendix An entry for each concept

@printindex cp

@node function index
@appendix An entry for each function.

@printindex fn

@node variable index
@appendix An entry for each variable.

@printindex vr

@node type index
@appendix An entry for each type.

@printindex tp

@contents
@bye

@c end of file
@c Local Variables:
@c mode: texinfo
@c end:
